remove mention of building blocks and blocks from documentation (#1660)
open-contracting/standard: docs/guidance/map/organization_personal_identifiers.md

> * The natural person is a tenderer or supplier; and

Reviewer: I can't comment on line 9 but 'section' should be updated to 'array'.

Reviewer: Same on line 30.

Author: updated in https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/1660/commits/e685a9abf583467a9e7ded29e86624797d3d9b9a

* The laws in your jurisdiction permit the publication of such details

> Subject to the above, you can disclose identifiers for natural persons using the `identifier` field.

Reviewer: Always use 'object' when referring to an object. Add parent to path to reduce ambiguity.

```suggestion
Subject to the above, you can disclose identifiers for natural persons using the `parties.identifier` object.
```

> Subject to the above, you can disclose identifiers for natural persons using the `Identifier` sub-schema.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Subject to the above, you can disclose identifiers for natural persons using the `identifier` field.
```
